Response to question 9.
The directory that contains the data analysis and a small visualization for step 9 is below:
ccds_2/notebooks/0.01-rc-small_data_analysis_and_visualization

Reflection
This project was a great learning experience regarding how to maintain great code quality and project structure for correctness and reproducibility. Additionally, it provided me with valuable experience in interacting with a cloud service provider via Linux CLI that will prove useful in the upcoming weeks for storing and retrieving data for my Capstone project.  Although this major assignment did come with major challenges that I had to overcome, it reinforced my understanding of how the various systems in this project work. 
My first major challenge was connecting to GitHub, the remote repository, with Git, a distributed version control system. When connecting initially to GitHub, the commands given to me from my newly created remote repository on GitHub prompted for my GitHub credentials. This method of authenticating access to the remote repository did not work as GitHub stopped supporting password-based authentication for Git operations. Upon researching, I learned that I could generate a SSH code locally and pass this information to GitHub to connect my local machine to the remote repository. After setting this up, I proceeded to push commits to the remote repository with minimal issues. 
My next major hurdle was connecting to my S3 Amazon cloud services bucket to pull data into the raw repository. During this challenge, I learned about how it is necessary to create users and groups and grant them permission in order for them to have access to the S3 buckets. After, I learned how to create the JSON permission file necessary for each user created to pull data down from the S3 bucket.  After performing the appropriate modifications in the Amazon Cloud Services, I was able to connect and pull data down from the S3 bucket and into the correct “raw” data directory. 
There were other miscellaneous challenges along the way (such as having to download Python 3.10), but overall, it was a great learning experience. After this major assignment deliverable, I feel more confident in interacting with the bash terminal. For this assignment, I even downloaded Windows Subsystem Linux to have better integration with my Windows system. I feel confident working with cloud data services, particularly Amazon S3 Cloud Services. Now, I know how to create a bucket, add/ delete objects to/from these buckets, and configure permissions for users who want access to this data. Lastly, this major assignment deliverable introduced me to a formal project structure and the philosophical premises for why I should adopt this into my future project workflows. By adopting the CCDS template, I will practice separation of concerns, which is illustrated in how different aspects of the data science pipeline have their own designated directory (e.g,. data modeling, data exploration). The CCDS template promotes using source code (i.e., .py files) and the CCDS template documentation provides a strong rationale for doing so, which I plan to adopt in my future projects. Overall, this was well encompassing assignment of various systems involved in a modern data science project. I look forward in the future to utilizing other systems not used in the project, such as Docker, for utmost reproducibility and portability. 